Not really a fool
Why are you willing to degenerate and be a fool?
Because you can do things without restriction.
Unlike Mingjun, who has to be afraid of the first and sad when he does everything
So faint king
You faked it, right?
That's not true.
I am the imperial army of naturalism
How nice it is to be a fool
For example, who knows what I will do next?
You're not setting someone up again, are you?
They are all my subjects
Who am I going to set up?
What do you mean?
Li Feng fabricated rumors to deceive the girl
The crime of bullying the king at the beginning
How did he deceive you?
He openly told me in court
Can you use Mikang for disaster relief?
Can you feed it to the victims?
Then mislead me and let me use Mikang for disaster relief
That's not bullying. What is it?
You're ready to throw the pot.
Hey, Zheng Xiaomei is going to throw the pot?
I'm just suffering from adulterers
Of course I like it.
You are a rascal
Your Majesty, Jiangnan University has withdrawn
The victims are waiting for proof
Although the food is not good
But at least he survived
Su Hai, please pass the order for me
Recruit the world to attack and rob generals
I want to build a Jade Lake
Shame on alcohol
Xuan Ruo as a neighbor
Recruit the world beautiful women supply
Your Majesty
This move may lead to criticism
Those jade stones will be declared to His Majesty
I want to go public
What do I want to do?
Whatever they do